Validate and update macOS platform tag in wheel name (#198)
matthew-brett/delocate: Changelog.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Breaking
> - Starting from this release, the 'delocate' tool will use the content
>   of the wheel file to determine the platform tag, which will be included in the wheel's name.
>   This change is intended to prevent confusion related to the platform tag.
>   The 'delocate-wheel' tool is now required to adjust the wheel's name appropriately.
>   If the `--require-target-macos-version` option is used or if the `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`
>   environment variable is set, 'delocate-wheel' will enforce that the wheel
>   is built for the specified macOS version.
>   If the wheel is not compatible with the specified macOS version,
>   `delocate-wheel` will terminate with an error.
>   This change is part of pull request #198.

Reviewer: One PR can add multiple items. The changelog is not the place to justify changes, so items should explain WHAT/HOW and not WHY. "Starting from this release" is implied by the position of items.

```suggestion
### Added

- Use `--require-target-macos-version` or the `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`
  environment variable to ensure that wheels are
  compatible with the specified macOS version. #198

### Changed

- Delocate now uses the binaries of the wheel file to determine a more accurate
  platform tag, this will rename wheels accordingly. #198
- `delocate-wheel` is now more strict with platform tags and will no longer allow
  a wheel to be incompatible with its own tags. #198
```
